It seems that the pastry is really poisonous
Miss, you should take good care of yourself in the future
The dill can no longer serve you
I'm going to call the imperial doctor
You're gonna be okay
Don't worry
He is just greedy and eats too much.
Just get up and move around
Just adjust it and it'll be fine.
Auntie, am I not poisoned?
Am I going to die?
Hahahaha
Silly girl, what nonsense are you talking about?
Please make a trip to the imperial doctor
Ah!
Wei Chen retired
My concubine has not accompanied me to bask in the sun like this for a long time
You've gained weight recently.
Your Majesty, don't cancel the concubine, concubine
What's going on here?
What's the problem?
Your Majesty, don't worry
It is normal for the empress to be pregnant
See Concubine Song Yuan returning to the palace to send the imperial doctor over, right?